you are are you involved in the pro-life
movement ladies I believe that the
concept unborn child is a real concept
yes and I've had a lot of quarrels with
some of my fellow materialists and
sector asan this point I think that if
the concept child means anything the
concept unborn child can be certain in
something and actually all the
discoveries of them embryology which
have been very considerable in the last
generational certain of viability appear
to confirm that opinion which is I think
it should be an agent if a body is in
agent Hippocratic oath
is instinct in anyone who's ever watched
a sonogram yes but I mean I'm not gonna
I don't think I'm going to agree with it
but you you feel that way yeah I think
it is murder though it might be
second-degree and in many cases but I
realize it's a very difficult issue and
I sort of wanted to be a good
card-carrying liberal I just couldn't I
thought you know you got along this
potential person er they're not actually
persons we go well then neva neither are
infants and I just couldn't come up with
anything that wouldn't legitimate
infanticide - my name is Ashley Feldman
and I am a pro-life atheist anyone who
is social justice minded who is
concerned about those people who cannot
speak for themselves those people who
are not empowered those people who are
underprivileged who are being mistreated
harmed tortured in any way these are the
most vulnerable of all populations and
half of the unborn children aren't girls
if you think specifically about other
countries like China and India where
they specifically use abortion to target
girls if that's not a an issue for for
feminists I don't know what is you know
maybe some of us are gonna go off to
heaven I happen to think that's not true
I have called this in my own writings a
future of value
if denying somebody their future of
value is what makes it long to kill them
and this is because we think that the
misfortune of death for them is a denial
of the future of value then fetuses have
futures of value also because the
fetuses future will contain everything
that Michaels future in my future my
future contain and a great deal of our
past
- so fetuses have futures like ours and
since been having being denied one's
future is what makes it wrong kill us
then abortion is wrong and that means
that I don't believe in God I don't
believe in resurrection either bodily or
spiritual I don't believe in a special
Providence I don't believe in the future
State and I don't believe in anything
supernatural they also have concerns
about certain moral beliefs there is
atheist so I myself take the view that
abortion for example this tiny question
man up concept' the society is going
down a route going towards a position
where we have more and more abortions as
concealed basically a riot of the mother
without
child once the sperm and the egg meet
and they find a sort of nesting place in
uterus you now have a developing human
being it's not a kangaroo Satta giraffe
it's a human being and that developments
in the womb until the person comes out
is a continuing process therefore if you
kill it at any stage first three weeks
first three months you're killing a
developing human being